# Shaded Vector Wireframes

We want to shade the SVG wireframes generated by Cadquery. We realized
that the HLR algorithm doesn't give us closed paths that enable us to
fill the object.

An alternative was to convert the shape to a mesh, and render it using
a 3D renderer that outputs SVG (like svg3d). This works, but was very
slow, both for the initial generation, as well as the everytime it was
rendered.

This assignment is to explore alternatives

## Generate simpler meshes

We don't need detailed meshes for shading. Manipulate export
parameters to generate less detailed meshes.

(Adira)

## Simplify generated mesh

Simplify the generated mesh to get rid of triangles we don't care
about.

(Yumeng)

## Render w/o going to mesh

Explore rendering the 3D objects to _vectors_ without converting to a mesh.

(Samantha)

## Obtain a closed outline

Postprocess the mesh or obtain an outline directly from the 3D object.

The idea is to generate a closed outline and composite it with the
wireframe.

(Kai)


## Rasterize and convert back to vector

Rasterize at high enough resolutions, and then convert the image back
to vector.

The initial raster image could be obtained through OpenCascade's AIS.

(Roy)


## Fill the exported wireframe

(Not discussed in class)

This simulates the human technique of using the fill tool in the
generated wireframe.

Examine the generated SVG and find enclosed areas, generate parts for
those enclosed areas and fill them.


Discussion of these approaches in class on Wed Oct 11.

