# A3: Using cadquery

In this assignment, we'll test the suitability of cadquery for some of
the tasks we'll need, following the discussion of the findings of
Assignment 2.

For this assigment, you should use a simple, multi-part STEP
file. One such file is:

  - [C-270 Mount by Fiction](https://github.com/VoronDesign/VoronUsers/tree/master/printer_mods/Fiction/C270_mount)


This is a collaborative assignment. You may do all the tasks below or
some of tasks. However, the group must complete all the tasks. You
should discuss amongst each other which tasks you'll do.

This is a "skills-building" exercise to get familiar with cadquery and
the problems we'll solve.

You can add the Python source code you write for each task in a
directory that is named after you in this folder.


## Task 1: Export STL files

From the STEP file, export STL files for each printable part.

You can hardcode orientation, tolerances, etc., for now.

## Task 2: Export Wireframes

Using cadquery's SVG export, export SVG files for each part (not just
the printable ones).

Again, you can hardcode the parameters to the SVG export.

## Task 3: Export multiple parts to SVG

You should:
  - Export multiple parts to the same SVG output
  - Demonstrate the ability to position one or more parts at an arbitrary location

## Task 4: Add support for arbitrary graphic supports in wireframe exports

Plain wireframe exports can be enhanced by additional
graphics. Explore how to generate:

  - Shading in complete parts
  - Partial shading for parts
  - Addition of small SVG icons to a wireframe export

## Task 5: Assemble a list of STEP files

Make a list of STEP files that we can use to test future projects.
